it's difficult to generalize about life in the navy but let me tell you
an incident that happened to me that I think is one of my memories
of what I think the navy is like and what it should be like while I
was working at Martin Marietta I got an opportunity to do an augmentation
who are to Naples Italy for three weeks I was a lieutenant commander
at that time like lieutenant commanders like a major in the
army or the marine corps and I thought this sounds like fun I have no
idea what I'll be doing well do it so I I got on a plane and flew
to Rome and on my way to Rome I noticed a lot of other people short
haircuts and they kind of carried themselves like navy people you off
right athletic you don't fit and I said well it's interesting start
talking to I'm sure enough they were reservists and they were going
to Naples and I got to talk to him and there were some enlisted people
a couple officers so it's fun and when we got to Naples we'll report
and then it turned out there about Sergio and as luck would have
it or bad luck I have in my mind I was the senior officer so I was
in charge and there was a a fairly mature chief petty officer there
who was a senior chief which is in a a purchase the next the highest
rank you can get in the military E. nine in the in the navy is senior
I a master chief but this guy was a senior chief so I had four
officers the senior chief and everybody else was in most so what was
I got I was in charge was I going to do so I knew we were supposed
to help these people with their watch standing that is we go in and
do our cryptologic duties twenty four hours a day and so we had so I
turned to my senior chief I said senior chief you break the enlisted
people into four what sections for you know you need three to cover
every day and then you need to aim one to cover that because the weekend
times too so for what section and I'll be for the officers so
I got together with the officers and I said what we're in Italy for
the one time in our life for over here to do some hard work but here's
what I'm proposing I'm gonna tell the watch sections will set up
a watch schedule so that people are working their butts off for a couple
of days and then when they get their break they'll get a four
or five D. break was known to you all so they can make it up to Venice
you go up to Romer go down this is or just go around Naples for five
days and enjoy their of Rome and there wasn't that that's a great
idea so we got that all set up we got each each officer was in charge
of one watch section and he would be in charge of up on the on the
order of six or seven people some of whom were linguist but most
were electronic warfare specialist or collection specialist or communicators
and he would he would make sure they did their job on their
watch section and he would help out with put officers did it during
the watch which is help writing reports and keeping track what was
going on and I was a senior guy so I did a lot of the a briefings to
the senior people every briefed us navy of British navy captain and
that was that was fun in the senior chief ally star right away right
away writing fitness reports for the officers and enlisted evolves
because at the end of the three weeks had to turn in what everybody
done when they did a good job or not and I didn't want the local commander
have to do that so we started doing it together so the senior
chief and I did that the troops loved it everybody had a good time
there but he did a good job and the active duty personnel who were
there helping simply the best group that if we ever see and we never
met each other before we got together we were in the navy common goal
we know what we're doing we did a lot that's what the navy's all